# Tron-Light-Bike-Intership
Tron Light Bike Readme

	This was my submission for my final project for AP Computer Science last year. It is a game inspired by the movie Tron, in which players(multiple) can race and attempt to eliminate others by trapping them. A trail will follow the bike starting from the start of the game and trace their entire path around the screen. Once a player comes into contact with another player’s bike (in which both players are eliminated), another player’s trail, or their own trail they will lose and their bike and trail will be erased from the screen. Each player will have their own color and their own keyboard controls. Initially, there are two bikes to start, Orange and Blue which start on opposite ends of the screen. The Orange bike can be controlled via the arrow keys while the Blue bike can be controlled by the keys W, A, S, and D.
	Coded and test in the Eclipse IDE, this project does have some JAR files and external libraries that it implements. As soon as the project is run in Eclipse, a new window will pop up and load the home screen of the game. The game can be started by clicking the spacebar or can be quit by clicking the Escape key. As soon as the spacebar is tapped from the loading screen, the game state will change and the two bikes will appear. These bikes can be controlled (controls stated above) and the last man standing wins. As mentioned before, a bike/player is eliminated when he runs into any of the four sides of the window or he runs into any trails, including his and his opponent’s trails. The window will be fitted to your screen size. After only one bike is left standing, the winner’s image is displayed along with a message and the game state changes once again. To get back to the home screen, one can tap spacebar (and escape key to exit out of the game). If spacebar is tapped, the game state is flipped back to the starting game state and the game can be played once again.
	To edit the number of players, uncomment the specified lines in the TrongGame.input() method and the TronGame.setUpEntities() method. **Note, it is important to uncomment the same number as lines in both methods as that the number of bikes and the number of sets of input remain the same. The controls are hard-coded for each bike and the user cannot change his or her controls in the game itself.
	To run game, simply open Eclipse IDE and run the TronGame class which contains the main method. Source code is in the “TronLightBike – master” folder.
